CloudsToy  V1.2

Just drag the CloudsToy Mngr prefab to scene or you can drag the ClodsToy script to a GameObject
to start from scracth, in that case you must assign the textures of the clouds manually.

The first variable "Maximun Clouds" create all the clouds that CloudsToy is gonna manage, they could be visible or invisible depending on the
"Clouds Num" variable.
Ideally, once you fine tune your clouds to fit your needs, the Maximun Clouds and the Clouds Num variables, should have the same value 
(all the clouds you see, are all the clouds the system is managing).

The Repaint Clouds button is used because not all actions in the editor are gonna change all the clouds in realtime mode,  it could be too slow, depending on 
the number of clouds that CloudsToy is managing (visible or invisible), so if you wanna ensure you how actually the clouds looks like, hit the Repain button.

Soft Clouds is used to make sunrise type of clouds, very large a soft, almost transparent.

Be aware that depending on the numer of clouds, the type of render, the detail of the cloud (number of particles that any cloud has), and the size
width, height and depth, the FPS of the system may drop down dramatically. All this variables can be changed in the editor in realtime mode so
be carefull with what values you use.

All the clouds can have their own shadow (configurable by the user), to work properly the clouds are stored in the 31th layer, that is
reserved by this application for their pourposes (basically ignore proyector layer number 31), so you can go to the layers window in Unity and 
rename if you want the 31th layer using any name of your choice (CloudsToy maybe?).

The procedural texture will be used in the clouds in realtime if you choose Cloud Type == PT1 (Procedural Texture 1).
It uses a perlin code to generate de texture, so using the same values, when you run the application be aware that the generated will not be 
never exactly the same. You can test it by clicking play button in Unity twice and you'll see the texture is different (sometimes completely different)
using exactly the same texture parameters, that's his normal behavior not any extrange error.

Notice that Clouds Textures works drawing all the corners of the textures in black (see at the textures Unity provide in his Standard Assest
to create smoke, for example), you can do the same using the Halo parameters (Halo and Radius) and seeing the result in the Procedural
texture editor window and in the clouds themselves in the scene mode (if you have choosen TypeCloud == PT1).

CloudsToy expect you to use a 64x64 or 128x128 texture size only, using greater values will cause a slow execution of the cloud system (depending
on your computer) and different behaviors on Halo functions. Use mixed values like 64x128, will cause weird textures, use that kind of texture sizes at your own risk!

Hit 'Save Texture' once you have fine tune  your cloud texture. It will be saved at /Volumetric Clouds/Textures/Procedural. Do NOT erase that folder or CloudsToy
will fail for sure. Once saved, use the new texture (Add and Blended) dragging them to the textures field in the clouds parameter. The blended textures
are the same that Add ones but with an alpha channel (transparency) active. These are used depending on the type of render you wanna use
(Bright --> Add/Realistic --> Blended)



That's basically all the important stuff you have to know. Play with the cloud system a little bit and you'll see how fun is it.
(NOTE : With the appropiatte skyBox the clouds will look much better).

Jocyf 2010.
Jocyf@jocyf.com

Please read de licencing terms in my webpage 
http://www.jocyf.com/utilsEnglih.html
